README.md, before:

vimbrain
========

Vimbrain is a brain transplant for the Vim editor. A Ruby library and object model for Vim.

I've had this lying around for a long time. Finally got around to making it
available to the world. I'm adding more gradually, and I'm hoping to eventually
push a working Vim plugin that does something useful.

The tests and how to run them
-----------------------------

The tests are written in Ruby Test::Unit and use Ruby mocha for
mock objects. In case anyone is wondering, I know there are other frameworks,
and I would probably use them today, but this code is somewhat old.

The tricky part of running the tests is the fact that some depend on Vim's
internal Ruby interface (the VIM module),
which only available when running Ruby inside Vim. I have tried to keep as many
tests as possible independent of the VIM module. I have named the test files
systematically. The ones that must be run inside Vim are called 
`*_vimtest.rb`. 

I run these from the command line with a command that pops up a GUI Window
and leaves the test result in the terminal:

```
vim -gc 'rubyfile foo_vimtest.rb' -c qall!
```

The ones that can be run outside Vim are named `*_test.rb` and can be run in
a more usual way:

```
ruby foo_test.rb
```

Commit message:

Method to run last run test, some refactoring

README.md, after:

vimbrain
========

Vimbrain is a brain transplant for the Vim editor. A Ruby library and object model for Vim.

I've had this lying around for a long time. Finally got around to making it
available to the world. I'm adding more gradually, and I'm hoping to eventually
push a working Vim plugin that does something useful.

The test runner plugin
----------------------

I decided to make a plugin that runs tests from inside Vim. I'm planning to
start by emulating most of the functionality of http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2612


The tests and how to run them from the command line
---------------------------------------------------

The tests are written in Ruby Test::Unit and use Ruby mocha for
mock objects. In case anyone is wondering, I know there are other frameworks,
and I would probably use them today, but this code is somewhat old.

The tricky part of running the tests is the fact that some depend on Vim's
internal Ruby interface (the VIM module),
which only available when running Ruby inside Vim. I have tried to keep as many
tests as possible independent of the VIM module. I have named the test files
systematically. The ones that must be run inside Vim are called 
`*_vimtest.rb`. 

I run these from the command line with a command that pops up a GUI Window
and leaves the test result in the terminal:

```
vim -gc 'rubyfile foo_vimtest.rb' -c qall!
```

The ones that can be run outside Vim are named `*_test.rb` and can be run in
a more usual way:

```
ruby foo_test.rb
```
